Amy: I want to make Stillwater
as special for everyone
else as it was for me.
You can find out who you are here.
You can be who you want to be here.
Holyoke: The power of the demon
is beyond anything you
can possibly imagine.
Lake Stillwater is the
only place that can contain it.
Holyoke: If evil were to
ever escape this place,
it would bring darkness
unto the world.
Amy.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Which one of you is
going to open the door?
No volunteers?
Amy: No matter what happened
here this summer...
What?
...this place will always feel like home.
Do you mind if I
have a few minutes alone?
Amy: Let me out of here!
* Dead of Summer *
Season 01 Episode 10
"She Talks to Angels"
Precisely Synchronized by srjanapala
...but thank you. And who might you be?
Amy.
Ah, I love the smell of
Drakkar in the morning.
You okay?
Joel: Jessie.
Joel got it all.
Yeah. He didn't want to miss a thing.
I miss him.
What is that?
I don't know.
Must have left it on by accident.
Things didn't exactly
go as planned this summer.
What about your fall?
Northwestern?
I don't see that happening,
not after everything with my mom.
You should turn her in.
- But she's my mom.
- Doesn't matter.
Go to school. It's where you belong.
Get your life back. It's what's right.
Then why does it feel wrong?
Thanks for waiting.
Say your goodbyes?
Yeah.
I'm really gonna miss this place.
Camp Stillwater is... it's home.
Should have brought this with me.
The hymn is on it.
We could have played it, and
you would have never had to...
Doesn't matter.
I did, and I'm still here.
Put it away, Garrett. It's over.
Jessie's right. It's over.
Let's get out of here.
Amen to that.
♪ ♪
I don't get it.
What the...
What is going on?
What's wrong?
Doesn't make sense.
Got a new battery, full tank of gas.
Holyoke.
He's smarter than I thought.
What are you talking about?
Amy?
He hid the last piece of
his soul inside of you.
So now I can't leave
until it's destroyed.
♪ ♪
No, no, no.
We killed the demon, remember?
We saved you, Amy.
Saved me?
- I wanted this.
- You...
- You were never...
- Jellystone?
New girl?
Well, you can be whoever
you want to be at camp, right?
Or pretend to be.
Come on.
Jessie!
Oh, I almost forgot. You
can't leave, either.
You've got the last of
the light, and I've got...
Well...
We know what I've got.
You're in the cage now,
and only one of us is getting out.
No.
You're not getting to
her unless you go through us.
That's so sweet.
Oh, my God.
At Camp Stillwater, we stick together.
Right?
Guys, run.
Run, run, run!
Hello?
Who's there?
Dad?
Nothing happens by accident, kiddo.
What?
Nothing happens by accident.
Dad.
Dad!
You fall asleep on the job, junior?
[Car door closes)
Sorry.
What's wrong?
Had the weirdest dream.
I was at the camp
with my dad.
And he told me...
nothing happens by accident.
You're headed back to the camp
for the first time since he passed.
It's understandable he
would be on your mind.
Yeah.
You up for this?
I mean, I can talk to Miss
Carpenter on my own.
No.
I'm fine. It's good.
We should let her know we're
here for her if she needs us.
You know, your old man would be proud
if he could see you now.
You're just like him.
Thanks.
Right here, in here. Come on, come on.
♪ ♪
Alex: Garrett, Garrett, come on.
We're trapped.
Amy...
If she wins, if she kills me,
if she escapes and brings the
power of the lake with her
out into the world...
- We're gonna stop her.
How do we stop a demon?
Oh, my God.
She's dead.
They're all dead.
Look, guys, we...
♪ ♪
Is it...
Over?
Yeah. It's over.
No, it's not.
Go back.
They need your help.
Hey. We have to keep going.
She's gonna be here any minute.
Garrett!
You have to go, Jessie.
What? Go.
I'm not leaving you!
You have to.
No. No, no, no.
- I...
- Jessie, Jessie.
- No.
- Jessie, Jessie...
you don't have a choice.
If you die, everyone dies.
This is bigger than us.
We're a team, remember?
I'll meet up with you.
I promise.
You better.
Jessie!
♪ ♪
Go.
Just go.
What's up?
Oh, my God.
Who would do that?
Based on who we go to
school with, who wouldn't?
In case of emergency, break seal.
Thanks.
Hey.
I know this is...
Well, it sucks,
but screw those people.
We're never going to have
to see them again.
You've been counting down the days
since the beginning of the year.
Yeah, but that doesn't
mean that I didn't have hope.
I mean, I thought this
year I'd meet a guy
that I actually clicked with, you know?
Like someone like...
Like me?
Yeah.
I wish I was as romantic as you.
Yeah, well, usually romantics
end up alone.
Since when are you alone?
Are we still road tripping after camp?
Seattle?
Bowie?
I wouldn't miss it.
It's gonna be me and
you forever, isn't it?
Pretty much.
I hate to break it to
you, but you're stuck with me.
It's still busy.
It's like it's off
the hook or something.
What the hell is going on at that camp?
I mean, when we left, it was over.
I thought so, too, but if Anton says
they're still in trouble,
they probably still are.
Call the cops.
♪ ♪
Come on, we got to keep going!
No, we have to go back.
Jessie.
Sykes is strong, okay?
He'll find us.
And we can't keep running
around all night.
We need a plan.
The cabin.
- What cabin?
- Holyoke's.
The purified water... we used
it to fight Malphas before.
We can use it again. We
just have to get to it.
Male voice: Jessie.
Jessie.
Hello?
♪ ♪
You're gonna die!
Amy:
Attention, campers.
Tonight's activity is "Capture the Flag."
And the flag is named Jessie.
We will find you!
I got something over here!
You okay, miss?
Are you hurt?
They're dead.
They're all dead.
Who's dead?
It's still here.
No, no.
No, no, no! This water was pure!
Was.
We opened the door before we
finished the purification.
So?
So, this wasn't sealed.
The second we opened the
door, everything in there...
Wasn't pure anymore.
Amy just wanted us to think
it was so she could get out.
Attention.
This is the police.
If anyone is out there,
we're here to help.
Yeah.
Come on.
♪ ♪
Amy: Over here!
Oh, my God.
There's a legend about Lake Stillwater.
They say that if you stare
long enough into its waters,
its waters will stare right back at you.
Now, who's coming in?
♪ ♪
I think we lost her.
Not for long.
We got to find someplace to hide.
No. No more hiding.
What else can we do?
The water in Holyoke's cabin is useless.
I have another idea.
Follow me.
Jessie.
Jessie!
Jessie, come on, come on.
Jessie, run.
Alex, no.
Tell my mom what I did.
What?
Go.
Two down.
And one to go.
Hmm.
Just what do you
think you're doing, girl?
What does it look like I'm doing?
I'm packing for camp.
Well, I don't remember saying
that you could take my clothes.
I don't remember asking.
Oh, is that right?
What? You got in?
Doesn't matter, does it?
I could take every dress you own,
and we still wouldn't
be even, so back off.
Beside, you told me if
I wanted to get ahead,
I had to change my look.
Didn't you?
How do I look?
What are you even gonna do at camp?
They pay you better at D'Arby's.
I'm getting away from you.
Hey, you're the one
with that dope Corvette, huh?
Yeah.
Want to drive me? Sure.
Jessie, what has gotten into you?
I'm just doing what you taught me.
I'm looking out for myself.
Amy: Jessie!
Oh, Jessie.
Jessie, I know you're in here.
How about we play another game?
When I say "Jessie,"
you say, "Tyler."
It's like Marco Polo.
Jessie!
Oh, Jessie!
It's no fun when you don't play, Jessie!
Where's your camp spirit?!
Clever girl.
But that's cheating.
You were supposed to say "Tyler."
Shh, shh!
It's me.
Garrett!
I told you I'd find you.
I'm not gonna let her hurt you.
Blair: Neither are we.
Blair? Drew?
- We're here to help.
- Amy's at cabin row.
We don't have much time
before she figures out what's going on.
I have a plan, but I can't do it alone.
What'd you have in mind?
Amy wants to play
games, let's play games.
Come on.
Jessie!
Jessie: Tyler!
♪ ♪
Purified water's a bitch, isn't it?
That water is tainted.
It's useless.
The water in the vat... Yes.
But not in here.
Who's in the cage now?
♪ ♪
You think you can keep
me in here forever,
but I have desecrated everything.
Not everything.
Now!
Jessie, something's wrong.
It's not working.
Not anymore.
Not after I got my hands on it.
She erased it.
No!
We can't win!
Joel, don't do this.
Joel!
Joel.
Joel, Joel.
Yes.
What is that?
Must have left it on by accident.
Jack: Nothing
happens by accident, kiddo.
Yes.
Amy: Impossible.
Impossible.
It's working!
♪ ♪
Garrett: Jessie!
Hey, Townie.
How did you do that?
Joel.
He had this when you guys went...
Well, when Holyoke brought
you back to his cabin.
The piano might have been tainted now...
But it wasn't then.
Happy accident.
Nothing happens by accident.
Look.
♪ ♪
You saved all of us.
We did it together.
Garrett, come on.
I can't come with you.
What? Why?
The only reason I'm still here is...
because of you.
When you kissed me...
...I felt something.
That same light Holyoke gave to you,
you gave to me.
Amy couldn't kill that.
No one could.
And no one ever will.
♪ Says she talks to angels ♪
♪ They call her out by her name ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ She talks to angels ♪
♪ Says they call
her out by her name ♪
♪ Says she talks to angels ♪
♪ Says they all know her name ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ She talks to angels ♪
♪ Says they call
her out by her name ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, there's a
smile when the pain comes ♪
♪ The pain going to
make everything all right ♪
♪ All right, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ She talks to angels ♪
♪ Says they call
her out by her name ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, angels ♪
♪ Call her out by her name ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Angels ♪
♪ They call her out by her name ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ She talks to angels ♪
♪ They call her out ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Don't you know that they
call her out by her name ♪
Precisely Synchronized by srjanapala
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org